style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/integrations/mcp.mdx

## Tutorial: `mcp_demo` example

> The `mcp_demo` example demonstrates an integration between MCP and Weave for tracing. It showcases how to instrument both the client and server components to capture detailed traces of their interactions. By running through this tutorial, you'll see traces from both sides of an MCP application in the Weave UI and gain a concrete reference you can adapt to your own projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mcp_demo` example demonstrates an integration between MCP and Weave for tracing. It showcases how to instrument both the client and server components to capture detailed traces of their interactions. By running through this code, you can see traces from both sides of an MCP application in the Weave UI and gain a concrete reference you can adapt to your own projects.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in eaf82665d.
